project layout (#4)
graphqlcrud/graphqlcrud-java: README.md

# graphqlcrud-java

> GraphQLCRUD Java automates schema generation and provides CRUD capabilities. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraphQLCRUD Java automates schema generation and integrates with GraphQL CRUD capabilities offered by https://graphqlcrud.org spec
```
